Hello!  I am applying for the software engineering position on the Oregon Intel Math Kernel Library (MKL).
I saw this job posting listed LinkedIn, where it was suggested to me by their recommendation engine.

I guess you'll look through my education, job experience, etc.   What I want to emphasize in this letter is that I am new to the job market, and I'm really looking for an entry-level position to break into the tech field as a software engineer, particularly in algorithm design/optimization.   I think I'm qualified for this job because I have a graduate level applied math background, specifically numerical linear algebra, and my thesis work was development of a model reduction algorithm for very large descriptor system models.  The motivating application for the problem was reducing circuit interconnect, which I'd imagine is done quite a bit at intel.  I spent 8 years as a PhD student, finally opting to leave with my masters.  So although I have masters degree, my knowledge and abilities exceed those of a typical M.S. recipient.  As a result of my training and educational background, I'm pretty sure my way of thinking is in line with what you're looking for.  If you give me a chance I can demonstrate that in person, on a whiteboard or through some kind of programming evaluation.


My academic programming was mostly in Matlab, bust since I graduated in June 2014 I've worked primarily with Python.   I am familiar with linux and windows; I run a dual-boot Windows 10 system with Linux Mint Mate.  I hardly ever use Windows any more though.  I've done various programming projects in the year since I graduated, and did some work on an open-source project.  I have public Github repos at https://github.com/ebrensi.
I have programmed in C but not recently, but I am very much familiar with low-level concepts such as bit-manipulation and I did quite a bit of assembly language programming as a kid and as an undergrad I took a programming course that involved x86 assembly language and MIPS.   I can pick up these things again very fast.


One thing that I haven't put on my resume is that I recently was invited to the Google foobar challenge and completed all of the programming problems up to level 5.  Some of them were quite difficult, and I think my solutions are pretty good.


I look forward to hearing from you!  I currently live in the SF Bay area, but I'm willing to relocate to Portland.  I'm also open to another position that you might think fits me better.  Cheers.

Please contact me by phone at 510-282-9225 or by email at Rensi.Efrem@gmail.com.


