Hello Strava HR!  I'm in the market for a software development role in the bay area and I think Strava could be a great fit.  I have a math background, I like to code, and I'm a runner and fitness data buff.  Over the last several months I've be developing and maintaining a web-app that uses Strava's API so I'm familiar with your data backend.

Check it out at http://heatflask.herokuapp.com.
It's all open source and the repo is at https://github.com/ebrensi/heatflask.

In fact my app (Heatflask) made the top-25 entries of your 2016 Strava Developer Challenge.  A couple of months ago when I entered it into the challenge, I had been developing it for fun using Garmin data, and Strava was an afterthought.  I only added Strava functionality in order to enter the contest. But, after it got announced on the Strava developer site I got thousands of users.  I was not really expecting all of that traffic!  That was September 6th.  That night, my app was immediately hit really hard by users and shut it down due to database connection limits and various bugs in my code.  Since then I've been steadily beefing it up to handle all of the problems I've encountered.  It's been a great learning experience and a continuous effort.  I have plans for it.  I want to develop it into a full-scaled simulation where the flow animations are actually particles moving at a scale of the original activity speeds.  My experiments doing this are pretty computation intensive right now but I want to make them faster and more efficient.

I think I'm in a good place skill-wise and via my interests that I could fit well at Strava.  I am not getting paid a cent to work on Heaflask, and in fact it's costing me money to run it on Heroku servers, but I often stay up late working on it.  I constantly look at my app logs to make sure things are running smoothly and try to fix bugs fast when I seem them happening.  I think I'd be ideal for a Site Realiability position or something related.   That's why I'm applying for this Infrastructure Engineer position.  This is exactly the kind of stuff I like doing, and I do it for fun.   I like fixing problems as they arise and making data move fast and efficiently.

As for my background, I hold a M.S. in Applied mathematics from UC Davis.  I was in the math department around the same time as Paul Mach, who was a pro-cyclist while working on his PhD at the time and later went on to become an engineer at Strava.  Since I graduated in 2014 I've taken on a few independent and free-lance projects, but this Strava app is the first thing I've done that really got me excited.

Please take a look at my resume, linkedin, etc and get back to me.  And if I'm passed up for the position I'm currently applying for, I will probably keep bugging you anyway because I really want to work there.  Thanks!



