

Hello, Motivate!

I was originally applying for the Site Planning Position (in San Francisco), but apparently the position got filled while I was working on my application, because I no longer see it listed!
I guess I'm now applying for the "Operations Supervisor (Part-Time) - Bay Area Bike Share" position.  Actually I am open to any work you might have in SF Bay Area locations that can use my skills. Read on...


This is a departure from the work I've been seeking, but it seems like time to try something different.  I have an applied-mathematics and scientific computing background.  I graduated from UC Davis with a M.S. in math (ABD from a PhD program) in June 2014, and since then I've been marketing myself as a software developer.   I have Python programming skills and some full-stack web development and Business Analytics experience, as well as familiarity with GIS data.  I've been a cyclist most of my life, and lived exclusively by bike as a graduate student, so I'm enthusiastic about promoting cycling in the general communtity via Bay Area Bike Share.

One thing I don't typically emphasize in my IT job search is that during most of my time as a graduate student at UCD, I was a member of the Davis Bike Collective (http://davisbikecollective.org/). I volunteered regular shifts as a mechanic for several years (2008-2013), and helped organize the space.  We were all-volunteer run and supported our shop via bike, equipment, and money donations from the community.  For a while, we considered implementing our own rudimentary bike-share program out of our shop at 4th & L in Davis, several years before I saw anything like that in the Bay Area.  We did maintain a fleet of donated bikes in our "bike-brary" for visitors to the university.  My involvement with the Bike Collective was a big part of my life as a grad student and I miss being involved in that kind of effort. After several months of seeking software dev and data analyst jobs, I recently thought to look into work that might utilize my knowledge of urban cycling and bike mechanicry as well.  I've been cycling for transportation for most of my life, and I'm a bay area native (from Oakland) so I know the area well.

I have analytical skills, and I can write good code if need be.  I don't have a lot of management experience, but I think I have the propensity to do so because I led classroom sessions for many years, and was responsible for operations of Bike Forth (Davis Bike Collective's open-shop space) for years; I know how to break down tasks and delegate work, and I can work well with others in a cooperative environment.    I think I might be a good fit for many possible postions at Bay Area Bike Share, from field mechanic, to operations.  I'd be particularly interested in gathering data or maintaining your open data-sets if that kind of work is available. If you have a position that might be better suited for my skills than Site Planner, I'm very interested.  The intersection of cycling, operations, and analytics is intriguing to me.  I'd even be willing to relocate for the right postion, but for now I'm particularly interested in the SF Bay Area.


I really look forward to hearing from somebody there! I'm not only interested in the postion I applied for, but anything I can do in your entire operation.  I have skills that apply to basically any job there, and I like your mission. Thanks!


